<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?><!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd"><html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="zh-CN"><head>
    <title>授权声明</title>
    <meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8"/>
  <link href="../Styles/style0001.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
<link href="../Styles/style0002.css" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css"/>
</head><body id="LTSU0-dd56ee593dcc4aa1aadb5bb6262976bf" class="calibre">
  <h1 class="onetitle" id="CHP20">授权声明</h1>

  <p class="text">Unless otherwise stated the following were reprinted by permission of the authors.</p>

  <p class="text">Douglas Adams: ‘Young Zaphod Plays It Safe’, 2003 by Douglas Adams. Originally published in The Utterly Utterly Merry Comic Relief Christmas Book (1986), The Salmon of Doubt (2002). Reprinted by permission of the author’s estate and Macmillan Publishers.</p>

  <p class="text">Dean Francis Alfar: ‘Terminos’, copyright 2005 by Dean Francis Alfar. Originally published in Rabid Transit: Menagerie, edited by Christopher Barzak, Alan DeNiro, and Kristin Livdahl, Velocity Press, 2005.</p>

  <p class="text">Isaac Asimov: ‘What If’, copyright 1952 by the estate of Isaac Asimov. Originally published in Fantastic Story Magazine (Summer 1952). Reprinted by permission of author’s estate and Trident Media Group.</p>

  <p class="text">Kage Baker: ‘Noble Mold’, copyright 1997 by estate of Kage Baker. Originally published in Asimov’s (March 1997). Reprinted by permission of author’s estate and the Linn Prentis Literary Agency.</p>

  <p class="text">Kage Baker: ‘A Night on the Barbary Coast’, copyright 2003 by estate of Kage Baker. Originally published in The Silver Gryphon (June 2003). Reprinted by permission of author’s estate and the Linn Prentis Literary Agency.</p>

  <p class="text">Barrington J. Bayley: ‘Life Trap’, copyright 1979 by Barrington J. Bayley. Originally published in The Seed of Evil. Reprinted by permission of the author’s estate.</p>

  <p class="text">Elizabeth Bear: ‘This Tragic Glass’, copyright 2004 by Sarah Wishnevsky. Originally published in SciFiction (April 7, 2004).</p>

  <p class="text">Max Beerbohm: ‘Enoch Soames’. Originally published in The Century Magazine, May 1916.</p>

  <p class="text">Steve Bein: ‘The Most Important Thing in the World’, copyright 2011 by Steve Bein. Originally published in Asimov’s Science Fiction Magazine (March 2011).</p>

  <p class="text">E.F. Benson; ‘In the Tube’. Originally published in Hutchinson’s Magazine, 1923.</p>

  <p class="text">Richard Bowes: ‘The Mask of the Rex’, copyright 2002 by Richard Bowes. Originally published in The Magazine of Fantasy &amp; Science Fiction (May 2002).</p>

  <p class="text">Ray Bradbury: ‘A Sound of Thunder’, copyright 1952 by the estate of Ray Bradbury. Originally published in Collier’s. Reprinted by permission of the author’s estate and Don Congdon Associates.</p>

  <p class="text">Molly Brown: ‘Bad Timing’, copyright 1991 by Molly Brown. Originally published in Interzone 54 (Dec 1991).</p>

  <p class="text">Georges-Olivier Chateaureynaud: ‘The Gulf of the Years’, copyright 2011 by Georges-Olivier Chateaureynaud, translated by Edward Gauvin. Originally published in A Life on Paper (Small Beer Press).</p>

  <p class="text">C.J. Cherryh: ‘The Threads of Time’ by C.J. Cherryh, copyright 1978 by C.J. Cherryh. Originally published in Darkover Grand Council Program Book IV (1978), and Visible Light (1986).</p>

  <p class="text">John Chu: ‘Thirty Seconds From Now’, copyright 2011 by John Chu. Originally published in Boston Review (2011).</p>

  <p class="text">Peter Crowther: ‘Palindromic’, copyright 1997 by Peter Crowther. Originally published in First Contact (edited by Martin Greenberg and Larry Segriff).</p>

  <p class="text">Rjurik Davidson: ‘Domine’, copyright 2007 by Rjurik Davidson. Originally published in Aurealis #37 (March 2007).</p>

  <p class="text">Greg Egan: ‘The Lost Continent’, copyright 2008 by Greg Egan. Originally published in The Starry Rift (ed. Jonathan Strahan/Viking Penguin 2008), Oceanic (UK), and Crystal Nights and Other Stories(Subterranean, 2009).</p>

  <p class="text">William Gibson: ‘The Gernsback Continuum’, copyright 1981 by William Gibson. Originally published in Omni magazine.</p>

  <p class="text">Karen Haber: ‘3 RMS, Good View’, copyright 1990 by Karen Haber. Originally published in Asimov’s Science Fiction Magazine (Dec 1990).</p>

  <p class="text">Nalo Hopkinson: ‘Message in a Bottle’, copyright 2004 by Nalo Hopkinson. Originally published in Futureways (New York’s Whitney Museum and Arsenal Pulp Press).</p>

  <p class="text">Langdon Jones: ‘The Great Clock’, copyright 1966 by Langdon Jones. Originally published in New Worlds Quarterly (March 1966).</p>

  <p class="text">Garry Kilworth: ‘On the Watchtower at Plataea’, copyright 1988 by Garry Kilworth. Originally published in Other Edens II (1988).</p>

  <p class="text">Alice Sola Kim: ‘Hwang’s Billion Brilliant Daughters’, copyright? 2010 by Alice Sola Kim. Originally published in Lightspeed (Nov 2010).</p>

  <p class="text">Ellen Klages: ‘Time Gypsy’, copyright 1998 by Ellen Klages. Originally published in Bending the Landscape: Science Fiction, edited by Nicola Griffith and Stephen Pagel; Overlook Press, 1998.</p>

  <p class="text">Henry Kuttner and C.L. Moore: ‘Vintage Season’, copyright 1946 by authors’ estates. Originally published in Astounding Science Fiction, Sept 1946. Reprinted by permission of the authors’ estates and Don Congdon Associates.</p>

  <p class="text">Geoffrey A. Landis: ‘Ripples in the Dirac Sea’, copyright 1988 by Geoffrey A. Landis. Originally published in Asimov’s Science Fiction Magazine (Oct 1988).</p>

  <p class="text">Geoffrey A. Landis: ‘At Dorado’, copyright 2002 by Geoffrey A. Landis. Originally published in Asimov’s Science Fiction Magazine(Nov/Dec 2002).</p>

  <p class="text">David Langford: ‘The Final Days’, copyright 1981 by David Langford. Originally published in A Spadeful of Spacetime (ed. Fred Saberhagen).</p>

  <p class="text">Joe Lansdale: ‘Fish Night’, copyright 1982 by Joe Lansdale. Originally published in Specter! (Arbor House Books).</p>

  <p class="text">Tanith Lee: ‘As Time Goes By’, copyright 1983 by Tanith Lee. Originally published in Chrysalis 10.</p>

  <p class="text">Ursula K. Le Guin: ‘Another Story’, copyright 1994 by Ursula K. Le Guin. Originally published in Tomorrow (Aug 1994). Reprinted by permission of the author and the Virginia Kidd Literary Agency.</p>

  <p class="text">Bob Leman: ‘Loob’, copyright 1979 by Bob Leman. Originally published in The Magazine of Fantasy &amp; Science Fiction (April 1979). Reprinted by permission of the author’s estate.</p>

  <p class="text">Rosaleen Love: ‘Alexia and Graham Bell’, copyright 1986 by Rosaleen Love. Originally published in Aphelion 5.</p>

  <p class="text">David I. Masson: ‘Traveller’s Rest’, copyright 1968, 2003 by the estate of David Masson. Originally published in New Worlds #154(Sep 1965).</p>

  <p class="text">Richard Matheson: ‘Death Ship’, copyright 1953 by Richard Matheson. Originally published in Fantastic Story Magazine. Reprinted by permission of the author’s estate and Don Congdon Associates.</p>

  <p class="text">George R.R. Martin: ‘Under Siege’, copyright 1985 by George R.R. Martin. Originally published in Omni magazine (Oct 1985).</p>

  <p class="text">Edward Page Mitchell: ‘The Clock That Went Backward’. Originally published in The Sun (18 Sep 1881).</p>

  <p class="text">Michael Moorcock: ‘Pale Roses’, copyright 1976 by Linda and Michael Moorcock. Originally published in New Worlds Quarterly.</p>

  <p class="text">Tamsyn Muir: ‘The House that Made the Sixteen Loops of Time’, copyright 2011 by Tamsyn Muir. Originally published in Fantasy (Feb 2011).</p>

  <p class="text">Kim Newman: ‘Is There Anybody There ?’, copyright 2000 by Kim Newman. Originally published in The New English Library Book of Internet Stories (Nov 2000, ed. Maxim Jakubowski).</p>

  <p class="text">Tony Pi: ‘Come-From-Aways’, copyright 2009 by Tony Pi. Originally published in On Spec, the Canadian Magazine of the Fantastic, #76.</p>

  <p class="text">Adam Roberts: ‘The Time Telephone’, copyright 2002 by Adam Roberts. Originally published in Infinity Plus (2002).</p>

  <p class="text">Kristine Kathryn Rusch: ‘Red Letter Day’, copyright 2010 by Kristine Kathryn Rusch. Originally published in Analog Science Fiction and Fact (Sep 2010).</p>

  <p class="text">Eric Frank Russell: ‘The Waitabits’, Originally published in Astounding Science Fiction, July 1955.</p>

  <p class="text">Pamela Sargent: ‘If Ever I Should Leave You’, copyright 1974, 1986 by Pamela Sargent. Originally published in a much different form in Worlds of If, February 1974, and in this preferred text in Afterlives, edited by Pamela Sargent and Ian Watson, Vintage, 1986.</p>

  <p class="text">Eric Schaller: ‘How the Future Got Better’, copyright 2010 by Eric Schaller. Originally published in Sybil’s Garage #7.</p>

  <p class="text">Robert Silverberg: ‘Needle in a Timestack’, copyright 1983 by Robert Silverberg. Originally published in Playboy (June 1983).</p>

  <p class="text">Vandana Singh: ‘Delhi’, copyright 2004 by Vandana Singh. Originally published in So Long Been Dreaming (ed. Nalo Hopkinson).</p>

  <p class="text">Cordwainer Smith: ‘Himself in Anachron’, copyright 1993 by the estate of Paul Linebarger. Originally published in The Rediscovery of Man: The Complete Short Fiction of Cordwainer Smith (NESFA Press). Reprinted by permission of the author’s estate and Spectrum Literary Agency.</p>

  <p class="text">Norman Spinrad: ‘The Weed of Time’, copyright 1973 by Norman Spinrad. Originally published in Vertex: The Magazine of Science Fiction (Aug 1973).</p>

  <p class="text">Charles Stross: ‘Palimpsest’, copyright 2009 by Charles Stross. Originally published in Wireless (Ace, Orbit). Reprinted by permission of the author and Little, Brown Book Group.</p>

  <p class="text">Theodore Sturgeon: ‘Yesterday Was Monday’, copyright 1941 by the estate of Theodore Sturgeon. Originally published in Unknown(June 1941). Reprinted by permission of the author’s estate and the Chris Lotts Literary Agency.</p>

  <p class="text">Michael Swanwick: ‘Triceratops Summer’, copyright 2005 by Michael Swanwick. Originally published in Amazon Shorts (Sep 2005).</p>

  <p class="text">Adrian Tchaikovsky: ‘The Mouse Ran Down’, copyright 2012 by Adrian Tchaikovsky. Originally published in Carnage: After the End 2 (2012).</p>

  <p class="text">Karin Tidbeck: ‘Augusta Prima’, copyright 2011 by Karin Tidbeck. Originally published in Weird Tales (Spring 2011).</p>

  <p class="text">Harry Turtledove: ‘Forty, Counting Down’, copyright 1999 by Harry Turtledove. Originally published in Asimov’s Science Fiction Magazine (Dec 1999).</p>

  <p class="text">Harry Turtledove: ‘Twenty-One, Counting Up’, copyright 1999 by Harry Turtledove. Originally published in Analog Science Fiction and Fact (Dec 1999).</p>

  <p class="text">Steve Utley: ‘Where or When’, copyright 1991 by the estate of Steve Utley. Originally published in Asimov’s Science Fiction Magazine(Jan 1991). Reprinted by permission of the author’s estate.</p>

  <p class="text">Carrie Vaughn: ‘Swing Time’, copyright 2007 by Carrie Vaughn, LLC. Originally published in Jim Baen’s Universe (June 2007).</p>

  <p class="text">H.G. Wells: Excerpt from ‘The Time Machine’. Originally published by William Heinemann in 1895. Reprinted by permission of United Agents on behalf of: The Literary Executors of the Estate of H.G. Wells.</p>

  <p class="text">Connie Willis: ‘Fire Watch’, copyright 1982 by Connie Willis. Originally published in Isaac Asimov’s Science Fiction Magazine (Feb 1982). Reprinted by permission of the author and Chris Lotts Literary Agency.</p>

  <p class="text">Gene Wolfe: ‘Against the Lafayette Escadrille’, copyright 1972 by Gene Wolfe. Originally published in Again, Dangerous Visions (ed. Harlan Ellison). Reprinted by permission of the author and the Virginia Kidd Literary Agency.</p>

  <p class="text">Gene Wolfe: ‘The Lost Pilgrim’, copyright 2004 by Gene Wolfe. Originally published in The First Heroes (ed. Harry Turtledove). Reprinted by permission of the author and the Virginia Kidd Literary Agency.</p>
</body></html>